---
layout: post
title: Arg80
category: GRE
keywords: GRE
---
## Original

The director concluded from the declining audiences and growing percentage of good reviews that the low awareness of the good reviews and movies count for the bad attendence. However, there're several alternative explanations that might refuse every conlusion the director made.

First of all, in the director's position, increased portion of positive reviews means good quality of movies, which can be false. For example, it's nor surprising that reviewers were paid to write the positive reviews. Under this circumstances, the percentage of positive reviews are not relevent to the movie's quality at all, instead, related to the amount of investment they devote into the reviewers. Moreover, positive reviews are not necessrily responsible for a good quality of movies. Nonprofessional reviewers can make positive reviews out of a bad-produced comedy because it's the laughter they care about rather than the quality. In addition, the number of reviewers and accurate percentage of positive reviews count. If there're only five people reviewed or the percentage just grows from 1% to 2%, the data cannot be applied for analysis for their poor representiveness and insignificance.

Secondly, even with best quality, the movies are still far away from being well aware of the quality and then leading to booming attendance. A good case in point is Song of Phoenix, a movie with insufficient advertising and serving the minority audiences, failed to get enough appearence in the theaters at first, and then led to the producer begging for box of movie on the Internet. As we can see, the appearence in the theaters and the target of movies can make a difference in the final attendance. That's why America sets the literary threatres to protect some minority movies. In this extent, a good quality might even impair the willingness to watch the moive of majority.

Last but not the least, applying advertising to solve the unawareness of good quality may appear futile as well. First, advertising also has the awareness problem as the bad awareness of the advertising may also appear in the same movie company. Next, the awareness of the movie does not necessarily mean the awareness of movie's good quality. As is not rarely seen, the commercial advertising leaves bad impression on people leading to well awareness of bad quality of the movies.

To sum up, from growing positive reviews to good movies'quality, from good quality to good awareness, from advertising to solving the bad unawareness, the director might be too quick to solid conclusions at every step. 

---

## Revision

### First paragraph

The director concluded from the declining audiences and growing percentage of good reviews that the low awareness of the good reviews and movies count for the bad attendence. However, there're several alternative explanations that might refuse every conlusion the director made.

- **Given** the declining amount of audiences and growing percentage of good reviews, the director concluded that the low awareness of the good reviews and movies' quality count for the bad attendence. However, there're **several circumstances** that might refuse every conlusion the director made.


### Second paragraph

First of all, in the director's position, increased portion of positive reviews means good quality of movies, which can be false. For example, it's nor surprising that reviewers were paid to write the positive reviews. Under this circumstances, the percentage of positive reviews are not relevent to the movie's quality at all, instead, related to the amount of investment they devote into the reviewers. 

- First of all, in the director's position, increased percentage of positive reviews means good quality of movies, which can be false. For example, it's not surprising that reviewers wrote the positive reviews, just for the pleasant surrounding of the movie theaters. Under this circumstances, the increased percentage of positive reviews do not mean good movies' quality at all since it was the good surrounding they were reviewed about, rather than the movie quality. Thus what they need here may be a little more dig into the real percentage of the positive reviews about movies' quality.


Moreover, positive reviews are not necessrily responsible for a good quality of movies. Nonprofessional reviewers can make positive reviews out of a bad-produced comedy because it's the laughter they care about rather than the quality. In addition, the number of reviewers and accurate percentage of positive reviews count. If there're only five people reviewed or the percentage just grows from 1% to 2%, the data cannot be applied for analysis for their poor representiveness and insignificance.

- Moreover, the number of reviewers and concrete percentage of good reviews count. For example, only 5 people reviewed positively but the rest 95 people, who thought moive was of bad quality, didn't review. Then, the increased percentage of good reviews, even increased from 0 to 100%, could not account for a good movie quality since 95% people thought moive was of bad quality. Therefore, for a better jugment of people's altitudes, the number of reviewers and concrete percentage of good reviews should have enough representiveness.


### Third paragraph


Secondly, even with best quality, the movies are still far away from being well aware of the quality and then leading to booming attendance. 

- Secondly, even with best quality which is good aware of, the movies are still far away from increased attendance. 

A good case in point is Song of Phoenix, a movie with insufficient advertising and serving the minority audiences, failed to get enough appearence in the theaters at first, and then led to the producer begging for box of movie on the Internet. As we can see, the appearence in the theaters and the target of movies can make a difference in the final attendance. That's why America sets the literary threatres to protect some minority movies. In this extent, a good quality might even impair the willingness to watch the moive of majority.


- A good case in point is Song of Phoenix, a movie with diligently designed scenes and top-standard produce, described elegent story of Suona horn, but the audiences fail to get the point. Thus the movie got a bad attendence since the audienced were not professional enough to understand the artistic value of scenes and stories in the movie. In this extent, a good quality of which people are aware of might even impair the attendence of moive.

### Fourth paragraph

删去第四段

~~Last but not the least, applying advertising to solve the unawareness of good quality may appear futile as well. First, advertising also has the awareness problem as the bad awareness of the advertising may also appear in the same movie company. Next, the awareness of the movie does not necessarily mean the awareness of movie's good quality. As is not rarely seen, the commercial advertising leaves bad impression on people leading to well awareness of bad quality of the movies.~~

### Last paragraph

To sum up, from growing positive reviews to good movies'quality, from good quality to good awareness, from advertising to solving the bad unawareness, the director might be too quick to solid conclusions at every step. 


- To sum up, from increased positive reviews to good movies'quality, the director might need to notice the real percentage of the positive reviews about movies' quality and the number of reviewers. With good awareness of the quality, the director might also need to be careful whether it's beyond the audiences' comprenhansion.

---

## Version 2.0

Given the declining amount of audiences and growing percentage of good reviews, the director concluded that the low awareness of the good reviews and movies' quality count for the bad attendence. However, there're several circumstances that might refuse every conlusion the director made.

First of all, in the director's position, increased percentage of positive reviews means good quality of movies, which can be false. For example, it's not surprising that reviewers wrote the positive reviews, just for the pleasant surrounding of the movie theaters. Under this circumstances, the increased percentage of positive reviews do not mean good movies' quality at all since it was the good surrounding they were reviewed about, rather than the movie quality. Thus what they need here may be a little more dig into the real percentage of the  positive reviews about movies' quality. Moreover, the number of reviewers and concrete percentage of good reviews count. For example, only 5 people reviewed positively but the rest 95 people, who thought moive was of bad quality, didn't review. Then, the increased percentage of good reviews, even increased from 0 to 100%, could not account for a good movie quality since 95% people thought moive was of bad quality. Therefore, for a better jugment of people's altitudes, the number of reviewers and concrete percentage of good reviews should have enough representiveness.

Secondly, even with best quality which is good aware of, the movies are still far away from increased attendance. A good case in point is Song of Phoenix, a movie with diligently designed scenes and top-standard produce, described elegent story of Suona horn, but the audiences fail to get the point. Thus the movie got a bad attendence since the audienced were not professional enough to understand the artistic value of scenes and stories in the movie. In this extent, a good quality of which people are aware of might even impair the attendence of moive.

To sum up, from increased positive reviews to good movies'quality, the director might need to notice the real percentage of the positive reviews about movies' quality and the number of reviewers. With good awareness of the quality, the director might also need to be careful whether it's beyond the audiences' comprenhansion.

