---
layout: post
title: Arg85
category: GRE
keywords: GRE
---
## Original

The University of Waymarsh surveyed to find out that the Waymarsh citizens prefer the literary classics while they found the mystery novel is the hottest book in the library. Based on this, they concluded that the respondents lied. However, there're some important factors they haven't take into consideration, which might lead to the wrong conclusion.  

First of all, the second study does not necessarily mean that the Waymarsh citizens prefer the mystery novel. For instance, reading frequency and reading time can make a difference. As we all can estimate, mystery novels may be relatively shorter and cost less time compared to classics which leads to a higher reading frequency recorded in the library, so as the reading time. Thus the point here is that the higher check-out frequency in the library does not necessarily mean better perference of the book due to characters of different books. In addition, reading places counts since not everyone joint the survey perfer to borrow book from public libraries. As is often the case, people prefer to buy the literary classics to read for their collection value but they don't buy mystery novel and perfer to borrow because they just read them for one time. That means different behaviors towards various books can also contribute to the higher check-out frequency. Thus, there're plenty of alternative explanations for the higher check-out frequency of mystery novel, rendering that the second study cannot confidently infer that the Waymarsh citizens prefer the mystery novel.

Another important factor is that the researchers fail to notice the difference between the readers in the public libraries and the respondents of the first study when they put them together to draw conclutions. Taking age distribution as an example, it sounds an alternative explanation to me that teenagers who go to public libraries prefer mystery novels while most middle-aged people who perfer classsics took the survey they conducted. Of course, one cannot expect the same reading habits from two group of people when they come from different age groups. Therefore, two conclusions cannot place together to draw conclusion for the factors loosely controlled.  

To sum up, according to reasons above, the researchers fail to notice the likely explanations of the seccond study and fail to control all the factors of two studies thus lead to a wrong conlusion in the end.

# Revision
### First paragraph  
  
The University of Waymarsh surveyed to find out that the Waymarsh citizens prefer the literary classics while they found the mystery novel is the hottest book in the library. Based on this, they concluded that the respondents **(of the first study)** lied. However, there're some important factors they haven't take into consideration, which might ~~lead to the wrong conclusion~~ **(render their conclusion wrong)**.  
  
  >The University of Waymarsh surveyed to find out that the Waymarsh citizens prefer the literary classics while they found the mystery novel is the hottest book in the library. Based on this, they concluded that the respondents **of the first study** lied. However, there're some important factors they haven't take into consideration, which might **render their conclusion wrong.**
  
### Second paragraph  
原第三段提前到第二段
~~Another~~ **(First)** important factor is that the researchers fail to notice the difference between the readers in the public libraries and the respondents of the first study ~~when they put them together to draw conclutions~~. 

>**First** important factor is that the researchers fail to notice the difference between the readers in the public libraries and the respondents of the first study.

Taking age distribution as an example, ~~it sounds an alternative explanation to me that teenagers who go to public libraries prefer mystery novels while most middle-aged people who perfer classsics took the survey they conducted.~~ **( Those who perfer classsics participating the first study might be middle-aged people while those who go to public libraries reading mystery novels is likely teenagers.  )**

>Taking age distribution as an example. Those who perfer classsics participating the first study might be **middle-aged people** while those who go to public libraries reading mystery novels is likely **teenagers**.   

~~Of course, one cannot expect the same reading habits from two group of people when they come from different age groups.~~ **(The final implication from researchers that the respondents of the first study mispresented their reading habit, actually assume that middle-aged people and teenagers are the same group of people.)**

>The final implication from researchers that the respondents of the first study mispresented their reading habit, actually assume that middle-aged people and teenagers are the same group of people.

Therefore, ~~two conclusions cannot place together to draw conclusion for the factors loosely controlled.~~  **(the researchers can't be too careful to draw any conclusions before they can assure that the respondents of the first study and the readers in the second one represent the same group people.)**

>Therefore, the researchers can't be too careful to draw any conclusions **before they can assure that the respondents of the first study and the readers in the second one represent the same group people.**


### Third paragraph  
原第二段
~~First of all~~**(Given that the respondents of the first study and the readers in public libraries represent the same group people)**, the second study does not necessarily mean that the Waymarsh citizens prefer **(reading)** the mystery novel. For instance, reading frequency and reading time **(of different books)** can make a difference. ~~As we all can estimate, mystery novels may be relatively shorter and cost less time compared to classics which leads to a higher reading frequency recorded in the library, so as the reading time.~~  **(As we all can estimate, mystery novels, comparesd to classics, might be relatively shorter and cost less time to read, thus leading to more records of checking in and out in the public libraries.)**
  
>**Given that the respondents of the first study and the readers in public libraries represent the same group people**, the second study does not necessarily mean Waymarsh citizens prefer **reading** the mystery novel. For instance, reading frequency and reading time **of different books** can make a difference. As we all can estimate, mystery novels, **comparesd to classics**, might be relatively shorter and cost less time to read, thus leading to **more records of checking in and out in the public libraries**.  
  
~~Thus the point here is that the higher check-out frequency in the library does not necessarily mean better perference of the book due to characters of different books.~~  **(For example, reading five mystery novels takes only two days while reading one classics takes a month. That means the Waymarsh citizens checkout the mystery novel more not because they prefer reading mystery novels, maybe just because reading mystery novels is quicker. )** 

>For example, reading five mystery novels takes only two days while reading one classics takes a month. That means the Waymarsh citizens checkout the mystery novel more not because they prefer reading mystery novels, maybe just because reading mystery novels is quicker.
  
~~In addition, reading places counts since not everyone joint the survey perfer to borrow book from public libraries.~~  **(Besides, even ignoring the reading time,  the places people read various books count.)**
  
>Besides, even ignoring the reading time,  the places people read various books count. 
  
~~As is often the case, people prefer to buy the literary classics to read for their collection value but they don't buy mystery novel and perfer to borrow because they just read them for one time. That means different behaviors towards various books can also contribute to the higher check-out frequency.~~ **(Maybe most citizens prefer reading the literary classics in book stores while reading the mystery novels in public libraries. Consequently, while most citizens spent most their time reading the literary classics, the book of highest check-out frequency in public libraries is still mystery novels .)**

>Maybe most citizens prefer reading the literary classics in book stores while reading the mystery novels in public libraries. Consequently, while most citizens spent most their time reading the literary classics, the book of highest check-out frequency in public libraries is still mystery novels.

Thus, ~~there're plenty of alternative explanations for the higher check-out frequency of mystery novel, rendering that the second study cannot confidently infer that the Waymarsh citizens prefer the mystery novel.~~**(based on the second study, the researchers cannot imply that Waymarsh citizens prefer reading the mystery novel, for ignoring the factors like reading time and places.)**

>Thus, based on the second study, the researchers cannot imply that Waymarsh citizens prefer reading the mystery novel, for ignoring the factors like reading time and places.


### Last paragraph
To sum up, ~~according to reasons above, the researchers fail to notice the likely explanations of the seccond study and fail to control all the factors of two studies thus lead to a wrong conlusion in the end.~~**(the reseachers haven't considered the difference between two studies' subjects such as ages, and also the factors concerning reading like reading time or places. Eventually, the researchers might make a false conclusion that the first study of the first study mispresent their reading habit.)**

>To sum up, the reseachers haven't considered the difference between two studies' subjects such as ages, and also the factors concerning reading like reading time or places. Eventually, the researchers might make a false conclusion that the first study of the first study mispresent their reading habit.



## Version 2.0

The University of Waymarsh surveyed to find out that the Waymarsh citizens prefer the literary classics while they found the mystery novel is the hottest book in the library. Based on this, they concluded that the respondents of the first study lied. However, there're some important factors they haven't take into consideration, which might render their conclusion wrong.

First important factor is that the researchers fail to notice the difference between the readers in the public libraries and the respondents of the first study. Taking age distribution as an example. Those who perfer classsics participating the first study might be middle-aged people while those who go to public libraries reading mystery novels is likely teenagers. The final implication from researchers that the respondents of the first study mispresented their reading habit, actually assume that middle-aged people and teenagers are the same group of people. Therefore, the researchers can't be too careful to draw any conclusions before they can assure that the respondents of the first study and the readers in the second one represent the same group people.

Given that the respondents of the first study and the readers in public libraries represent the same group people, the second study does not necessarily mean that the Waymarsh citizens prefer reading the mystery novel. For instance, reading frequency and reading time of different books can make a difference. As we all can estimate, mystery novels, comparesd to classics, might be relatively shorter and cost less time to read, thus leading to more records of checking in and out in the public libraries. For example, reading five mystery novels takes only two days while reading one classics takes a month. That means the Waymarsh citizens checkout the mystery novel more not because they prefer reading mystery novels, maybe just because reading mystery novels is quicker. Besides, even ignoring the reading time,  the places people read various books count. Maybe most citizens prefer reading the literary classics in book stores while reading the mystery novels in public libraries. Consequently, while most citizens spent most their time reading the literary classics, the book of highest check-out frequency in public libraries is still mystery novels. Thus, based on the second study, the researchers cannot imply that Waymarsh citizens prefer reading the mystery novel, for ignoring the factors like reading time and places.

To sum up, the reseachers haven't considered the difference between two studies' subjects such as ages, and also the factors concerning reading like reading time or places. Eventually, the researchers might make a false conclusion that the first study of the first study mispresent their reading habit.
